Thank you for taking the time to read it! This is the Terms of Service!

We thank you for trusting us with your information and we intend to maintain this trust. These Terms and Conditions describe our privacy practices in a language that is easy to understand and keeps legal and technical terms to a minimum.

First, the use of specifications:

1. The content referred to in this article refers to any content created, uploaded, copied, published, and transmitted by the user during the use of the service, including text, voice, pictures, video, graphics, etc. Send, reply or auto reply messages and related links. Pages, and other content generated using an account or the Service.

2. Users may not use the App account or the Service to create, upload, copy, publish or disseminate content prohibited by the following laws, regulations and policies:
(1) against the basic principles established by the Constitution;
(2) endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;
(3) damaging national honors and interests;
(4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;
(5) Destroying the state's religious policies and promoting cults and feudal superstitions;
(6) Spreading rumors, disrupting social order and undermining social stability;
(7) spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or abetment;
(8) insulting or slandering others and infringing upon the lawful rights and interests of others;
(9) Failure to comply with the ¡°seven bottom lines¡± required by the bottom line of laws and regulations, the bottom line of the socialist system, the bottom line of national interests, the bottom line of citizens' legal rights, the bottom line of social public order, the bottom line of morality, and the bottom line of information authenticity;
??????(10) Information containing other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.

3. Users may not use the App account or the Service to create, upload, copy, publish or disseminate the following content that interferes with the normal operation of the App and infringes the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties:
(1) contains any sexual or sexual cues;
(2) containing insults, intimidation, threats;
(3) Containing harassment, junk advertisements, malicious information, and scam information;
(4) involving the privacy, personal information or information of others;
(5) Infringement of the legal rights of other people's reputation rights, portrait rights, intellectual property rights, trade secrets, etc.;
(6) Contains other information that interferes with the normal operation of the Service and infringes the content of the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties.

Second, the modification of the terms of service:

This website and the APP have the right to amend the terms as necessary and will post them on the page.

Third, refused to provide guarantee

The user expressly agrees to use the company's services and the individual assumes the risk.

This website and APP do not guarantee that the service must meet the requirements of the user, nor guarantee that the service will not be interrupted, and no guarantee is given for the timeliness, security and error of the service.

The user understands and accepts that the reliability of any information obtained through the service depends on the user's own judgment and the user bears all risks and responsibilities.

Fourth, limited liability

This website and the APP are not responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use of the Services.

These damages may come from (including but not limited to) the improper use of the service, or the transmission of information that does not comply with regulations.

Fifth, the end of service

This website and the APP may discontinue one or more services at any time based on actual conditions and shall not be responsible or informed to any individual or third party.

At the same time, if the user objects to any of the terms of service or disagrees with subsequent changes to the terms, or is dissatisfied with the service, the user may exercise the following rights:
(1) The company's services are no longer used.
(2) Notify the company to stop the service to the user.

6. Ownership of information content

The company's information includes: text, software, sound, photos, videos, graphics; and other information, all of which are protected by copyright, trademark, label and other property ownership laws.

Users can only use these content under authorization, and cannot copy, reproduce, or create derivative products related to the content.

Seven, applicable law

The above provisions will apply to the laws of the People's Republic of China and all disputes will be referred to the people's court where the website is located.

In the event of a conflict between the Terms of Service and the laws of the People's Republic of China, these terms will be reinterpreted in full accordance with the law, while other terms remain binding.